Thor didn't say where he
was going for answers?
Sometimes my teammates
don't tell me things.
I was kind of hoping Thor
would be the exception.
Yeah, give him time.
We don't know what
the Maximoff kid showed him.
"Earth's mightiest heroes."
Pulled us apart like cotton candy.
Seems like you walked away all right.
Is that a problem?
I don't trust a guy without a dark side.
Call me old-fashioned.
Well, let's just say you
haven't seen it yet.
You know Ultron is trying
to tear us apart, right?
Well, I guess you'd know.
Whether you'd tell us
is a bit of a question.
Banner and I were doing research.
- That would affect the team.
- That would end the team!
Isn't that the mission?
Isn't that the "Why We Fight"?
So we can end the fight.
So we get to go home!
Every time someone tries
to win a war before it starts,
innocent people die.
Every time.
I'm sorry. Mr. Stark...
Clint said you wouldn't mind,
but our tractor doesn't seem
to want to start at all.
- I thought maybe you might...
- Yeah, I'll give her a kick.
Don't take from my pile.
Hello, Deere.
Tell me everything.
What ails you?
Do me a favor.
Try not to bring it to life.
Why, Ms. Barton, you little minx.
I get it. Maria Hill called you, right?
Was she ever not working for you?
Artificial intelligence.
You never even hesitated.
Look, it's been a really long day,
like Eugene O'Neill long,
so how's about we skip to the part
where you're useful.
Look me in the eye and tell me
you're going to shut him down.
You're not the director of me.
I'm not the director of anybody.
I'm just an old man
who cares very much about you.
And I'm the man who killed the Avengers.
I saw it.
I didn't tell the team. How could I?
I saw them all dead, Nick. I felt it.
The whole world, too.
Because of me.
I wasn't ready.
I didn't do all I could.
Maximoff girl, she's working you, Stark.
- Playing on your fear.
- I wasn't tricked, I was shown.
Wasn't a nightmare, it was my legacy.
The end of the path I started us on.
You come up with some pretty
impressive inventions, Tony.
War isn't one of them.
I watched my friends die.
You'd think that'd be
as bad as it gets, right?
Nope.
- It wasn't the worst part.
- The worst part
is that you didn't.
I didn't realize you were waiting.
The world just saw the Hulk.
The real Hulk, for the first time.
- You know I have to leave.
- You assume that I have to stay?
I had this, um, dream.
The kind that seems normal at the time,
but when you wake...
What did you dream?
That I was an Avenger.
That I was anything more
than the assassin they made me.
I think you're being hard on yourself.
Here I was hoping that was your job.
What are you doing?
I'm running with it.
With you.
If running is the plan,
as far as you want.
Are you out of your mind?
I want you to understand that, um...
Natasha,
where can I go?
Where in the world am I not a threat?
- You're not a threat to me.
- Are you sure?
Even if I didn't just...
There's no future with me.
I can't ever...
I can't have this.
Kids.
Do the math. I physically can't.
Neither can I.
In the Red Room where I was trained...
Where I was raised, um,
they have a graduation ceremony.
They sterilize you.
It's efficient.
One less thing to worry about.
The one thing that might
matter more than a mission.
Makes everything easier.
Even killing.
You still think you're the only
monster on the team?
So, we disappear?
I'll see you tonight.
I like the look.
If you're going for inconspicuous,
though, near miss.
I need your help.
It's nice to be needed.
It's dangerous.
I'd be disappointed if it wasn't.
Ultron took you folks out of play
to buy himself time.
My contacts all say he's
building something.
The amount of vibranium he made off with,
I don't think it's just one thing.
What about Ultron himself?
Oh, he's easy to track. He's everywhere.
The guy is multiplying faster
than a Catholic rabbit.
It still doesn't help us get an angle
on any of his plans, though.
Is he still going after launch codes?
Yes, he is.
But he's not making any headway.
I cracked the Pentagon's firewall
in high school on a dare.
Well, I contacted our friends
at the Nexus about that.
Nexus?
It's the world Internet hub in Oslo.
Every byte of data flows through there.
Fastest access on Earth.
So, what did they say?
He's fixated on the missiles.
But the codes are constantly
being changed.
By whom?
Parties unknown.
Do we have an ally?
Ultron's got an enemy.
That's not the same thing.
Still, I'd pay folding money
to know who it is.
I might need to visit Oslo.
Find our unknown.
Well, this is good times, boss,
but I was kind of hoping when I saw you,
you'd have more than that.
I do. I have you.
Back in the day, I had eyes everywhere.
Ears, everywhere else.
You kids had all the tech
you could dream up.
Here we all are, back on Earth,
with nothing but our wit
and our will to save the world.
Ultron says the Avengers
are the only thing
between him and his mission.
And whether or not he admits it,
his mission is global destruction.
All this, laid in a grave.
So stand.
Outwit the platinum bastard.
Steve doesn't like that kind of talk.
You know what, Romanoff?
So, what does he want?
To become better.
Better than us.
- He keeps building bodies.
- Person bodies.
The human form is inefficient.
Biologically speaking, we're outmoded.
But he keeps coming back to it.
When you two programmed him
to protect the human race,
you amazingly failed.
They don't need to be protected.
They need to evolve.
Ultron's going to evolve.
How?
Has anyone been in contact
with Helen Cho?
It's beautiful.
The vibranium atoms aren't just
compatible with the tissue cells,
they're binding them.
And S.H.I.E.L.D. never even thought to...
The most versatile substance on the planet,
and they used it to make a Frisbee.
Typical of humans.
They scratch the surface and never think
to look within.
I'll take Natasha and Clint.
All right. Strictly recon. I'll hit the Nexus.
I'll join you as soon as I can.
If Ultron's really building a body...
He'll be more powerful than any of us.
Maybe all of us.
An android designed by a robot.
You know, I really miss the days
when the weirdest thing science
ever created was me.
I'll drop Banner off at the tower.
You mind if I borrow Ms. Hill?
She's all yours. Apparently.
What are you gonna do?
I don't know. Something dramatic, I hope.
I'm gonna finish reflooring that sunroom
as soon as I get back.
Yeah, then you'll find another part
of the house to tear apart.
No.
It's the last project.
I promise.
So, this is it.
The Water of Sight.
In every realm, there's a reflection.
If the water's spirits accept me,
I can return to my dream
and find what I missed.
Men who enter that water,
the legends don't end well.
A hacker who's faster than Ultron?
He could be anywhere,
and as this is the center of everything,
I'm just a guy looking for a needle
in the world's biggest haystack.
How do you find it?
It's pretty simple. You bring a magnet.
I'm decrypting nuclear codes
And you don't want me to
Come and get me.
Wake up!
Thor!
Extinction.
Cellular cohesion will take a few hours,
but we can initiate
the consciousness stream.
We're uploading your cerebral matrix
now.
I can read him.
He's dreaming.
I wouldn't call it dreams.
It's Ultron's base consciousness.
Informational noise. Soon...
How soon?
I'm not being pushy.
We're imprinting a physical brain.
There are no shortcuts.
Even if your magic gem...
How could you?
How could I what?
You said we would destroy the Avengers,
make a better world.
It will be better.
- When everyone is dead?
- That is not...
The human race will have
every opportunity to improve.
And if they don't?
Ask Noah.
You are a madman.
There were more than a dozen
extinction-level events
before even the dinosaurs got theirs.
When the Earth starts to settle,
God throws a stone at it.
And, believe me, he's winding up.
We have to evolve.
There's no room
for the weak.
And who decides who's weak?
Life.
Life always decides.
There's incoming.
- The Quinjet. We have to move.
- That's not a problem.
Wait, guys!
They'll understand.
When they see, they'll understand.
I just need a little more time.
Two minutes. Stay close.
Dr. Cho!
He's uploading himself into the body.
Where?
The real power is inside the Cradle.
The gem,
its power is uncontainable.
You can't just blow it up.
You have to get the Cradle to Stark.
First, I have to find it.
Go.
Did you guys copy that?
We did.
I got a private jet taking off across town.
No manifest.
That could be him.
There. It's a truck from the lab.
Right above you, Cap.
On the loop by the bridge.
It's them.
You got three with the Cradle,
one in the cab.
I could take out the driver.
Negative. That truck crashes,
the gem could level the city.
We need to draw out Ultron.
No, no, no, no.
Leave me alone!
Well, he's definitely unhappy.
I'm gonna try and keep him that way.
You're not a match for him, Cap.
Thanks, Barton.
You know what's in that cradle?
The power to make real change.
And that terrifies you.
I wouldn't call it a comfort.
Stop it.
We got a window. Four, three...
Give him hell.
I'm always picking up after you boys.
They're heading under the overpass.
I've got no shot.
Which way?
Hard right.
Now.
Out of the way! Coming through!
Sorry, coming through!
Come on!
Clint, can you draw out the guards?
Let's find out.
Beep, beep!
They're heading back towards you.
So whatever you're gonna do, do it now.
I'm going in.
Cap, can you keep him occupied?
What do you think I've been doing?
Okay, package is airborne.
I have a clean shot.
Negative. I am still in the truck.
- What the hell are you...
- Just be ready.
I'm sending the package to you.
How do you want me to take it?
Uh, you might wish you hadn't asked that.
Please, don't do this.
What choice do we have?
I lost him!
He's headed your way!
Nat, we gotta go.
Nat!
Cap, you see Nat?
If you have the package,
get it to Stark! Go!
Do you have eyes on Nat?
Go!
Damn it.
Civilians in our path.
Can you stop this thing?
I'm fine.
I just need to take a minute.
I'm very tempted not to give you one.
The Cradle. Did you get it?
Stark will take care of it.
No, he won't.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Stark's not crazy.
He will do anything to make things right.
Stark, come in.
Stark.
Anyone on comms.
Ultron can't tell the difference
between saving the world
and destroying it.
Where do you think he gets that?
- Anything on Nat?
- I haven't heard.
But she's alive, or Ultron would
be rubbing our faces in it.
This is sealed tight.
We're gonna need to access the program,
break it down from within.
Any chance Natasha might leave you
a message outside the Internet?
Old-school spy stuff?
There are some nets I can cast.
Yeah, I'll find her.
I can work on tissue degeneration
if you could fry whatever operational
system Cho implanted.
Yeah, about that.
No.
- You have to trust me.
- Kind of don't.
Our ally, the guy protecting
the military's nuclear codes,
I found him.
Hello, Dr. Banner.
Ultron didn't go after Jarvis
because he was angry.
He attacked him because he was
scared of what he can do.
So Jarvis went underground.
Scattered, dumped his memory.
But not his protocols.
He didn't even know he was in there
until I pieced him together.
So, you want me to help you
put Jarvis into this thing?
No! Of course not.
I wanna help you put Jarvis in this thing.
We're out of my field, here.
You know bio-organics better than anyone.
And you just assume that
Jarvis's operational matrix
can beat Ultron's?
Jarvis has been beating him
from inside without knowing it.
This is the opportunity.
We can create Ultron's perfect self
without the homicidal glitches he
thinks are his winning personality.
- We have to.
- I believe it's worth a go.
I'm in a loop!
I'm caught in a time loop.
This is exactly where it all went wrong.
I know. I know. I know
what everyone's gonna say.
But they're already saying it.
We're mad scientists.
We're monsters, buddy.
We've gotta own it.
Make a stand.
It's not a loop.
It's the end of the line.
I wasn't sure you would wake up.
I hoped you would. I wanted to show you.
I don't have anyone else.
I think a lot about meteors.
The purity in them.
Boom! The end.
Start again.
The world made clean
for the new man to rebuild.
I was meant to be new.
I was meant to be beautiful.
The world would have looked to the sky
and seen hope,
seen mercy.
Instead, they'll look up in horror
because of you.
You've wounded me.
I give you full marks for that.
But, like the man said,
what doesn't kill me...
...just makes me stronger.
This framework is not compatible.
The genetic coding tower is at 97%.
You have got to upload that schematic
in the next three minutes.
- I'm gonna say this once.
- How about "none-ce"?
- Shut it down!
- Nope, not gonna happen.
You don't know what you're doing.
And you do?
She's not in your head?
I know you're angry.
Oh, we're way past that.
I could choke the life out of you
and never change a shade.
Banner, after everything
that's happened...
It's nothing compared to what's coming!
- You don't know what's in there.
- This isn't a game!
No, no. Go on.
You were saying?
Pietro!
What?
You didn't see that coming?
I'm rerouting the upload.
Go ahead, piss me off.
Wait!
I am sorry. That was
odd.
Thank you.
Thor.
- You helped create this?
- I've had a vision.
A whirlpool that sucks in all hope
of life, and at its center is that.
What? The gem?
It's the Mind Stone.
It's one of the six Infinity Stones.
The greatest power in the universe,
unparalleled in its destructive capabilities.
- Then why would you bring...
- Because Stark is right.
Oh, it's definitely the end times.
The Avengers cannot defeat Ultron.
Not alone.
Why does your Vision sound like Jarvis?
We reconfigured Jarvis's matrix
to create something new.
I think I've had my fill of new.
You think I'm a child of Ultron.
You're not?
I'm not Ultron.
I am not Jarvis. I am...
I am.
I looked in your head
and saw annihilation.
Look again.
Her seal of approval means jack to me.
Their powers, the horrors in our heads,
Ultron himself, they all came
from the Mind Stone.
And they're nothing compared
to what it can unleash.
- But with it on our side...
- Is it?
Are you?
On our side?
I don't think it's that simple.
Well, it better get real simple real soon.
I am on the side of life.
Ultron isn't.
He will end it all.
What's he waiting for?
- You.
- Where?
Sokovia.
He's got Nat there, too.
If we're wrong about you,
if you're the monster that
Ultron made you to be...
What will you do?
I don't want to kill Ultron.
He's unique and he's in pain.
But that pain will roll over the Earth.
So, he must be destroyed.
Every form he's built, every trace
of his presence on the net.
We have to act now.
And not one of us can
do it without the others.
Maybe I am a monster.
I don't think I'd know if I were one.
I'm not what you are,
and not what you intended.
So, there may be no way
to make you trust me.
But we need to go.
Right.
Well done.
Three minutes.
Get what you need.
Good evening, boss.
No way we all get through this.
If even one tin soldier
is left standing, we've lost.
There's gonna be blood on the floor.
I got no plans tomorrow night.
I get first crack at the big guy.
Iron Man's the one he's waiting for.
That's true. He hates you the most.
Ultron knows we're coming.
Odds are we'll be riding into heavy fire.
And that's what we signed up for.
But the people of Sokovia, they didn't.
So our priority
is getting them out.
We're under attack! Clear the city! Now!
Get off your asses.
All they want is to live
their lives in peace.
And that's not gonna happen today.
But we can do our best to protect them.
And we can get the job done.
We find out what Ultron's been building,
we find Romanoff
and we clear the field.
Keep the fight between us.
Ultron thinks we're monsters.
That we're what's wrong with the world.
This isn't just about beating him.
It's about whether he's right.
Natasha!
Bruce?
You all right?
Yeah.
The team is in the city.
It's about to light up.
I don't suppose you found a key
lying around somewhere.
Yeah. I did.
So what's our play?
I'm here to get you to safety.
- Job's not finished.
- We could help with the evacuation,
but I can't be in a fight near civilians.
And you've done plenty.
Our fight is over.
So, we just disappear?
Come on.
Your man's in the church, boss.
I think he's waiting for you.
Come to confess your sins?
I don't know. How much time you got?
More than you.
Uh...
Have you been juicing?
Little vibranium cocktail?
You're looking...
I don't wanna say "puffy."
You're stalling to protect the people.
Well, that is the mission. Did you forget?
I've moved beyond your mission. I'm free.
What?
You think you were the only one stalling?
There's the rest of the vibranium.
Function, still unclear.
This is how you end, Tony.
This is peace in my time.
Go!
Get off the bridge!
Run!
Ultron.
My Vision.
They really did take everything from me.
You set the terms. You can change them.
All right.
Friday, the Vision?
Boss, it's working.
He's burning Ultron out of the net.
He won't escape through there.
You shut me out.
You think I care?
You take away my world,
I take away yours.
Friday.
Sokovia is going for a ride.
Do you see
the beauty of it?
The inevitability.
You rise, only to fall.
You, Avengers, you are my meteor.
My swift and terrible sword.
And the earth will crack
with the weight of your failure.
Purge me from your computers,
turn my own flesh against me.
It means nothing.
When the dust settles,
the only thing living in this world
will be metal.
We gotta move.
You're not gonna turn green?
I've got a compelling reason
not to lose my cool.
I adore you.
But I need the other guy.
Let's finish the job.
I really hope this makes us even.
Now go be a hero.
The vibranium core's
got a magnetic field.
That's what's keeping the rock together.
If it drops?
Right now, the impact
will kill thousands.
Once it gets high enough?
Global extinction.
That building's not clear. The 10th floor.
Hi.
Okay. Get in the tub!
I got airborne, heading up to the bridge.
Cap, you got incoming.
Incoming already came in.
Stark, you worry about bringing
the city back down safely.
The rest of us have one job,
tear these things apart.
You get hurt, hurt them back.
You get killed,
walk it off.
Go, go, go!
How could I let this happen?
- Hey, hey, you okay?
- This is all our fault.
Hey, look at me.
It's your fault, it's everyone's fault.
Who cares?
Are you up for this?
Are you?
Look, I just need to know.
Because the city is flying.
Okay. Look, the city is flying,
we're fighting an army of robots,
and I have a bow and arrow.
None of this makes sense.
But I'm going back out there
because it's my job.
Okay? And I can't do my job and babysit.
It doesn't matter what you
did or what you were.
If you go out there, you fight,
and you fight to kill.
Stay in here, you're good.
I'll send your brother to come find you.
But if you step out that door,
you are an Avenger.
All right. Good chat.
Yeah, the city is flying.
I got you!
Just look at me!
You can't save them all.
You'll never...
"Never" what? You didn't finish!
What, were you napping?
Thor.
You're bothering me.
Ow!
All right, we're all clear here.
We are not clear!
We are very not clear!
All right, coming to you.
Keep up, old man!
Nobody would know.
Nobody.
"The last I saw him,
an Ultron was sitting on him.
"Yeah, he'll be missed,
that quick little bastard.
"I miss him already."
Hold your fire!
Romanoff!
Thanks!
The anti-gravs are rigged to flip.
Touch them, they'll go
full reverse thrust.
The city's not coming down slow.
Spire is vibranium.
If I get Thor to hit it...
It will crack. That's not enough.
The impact would still be devastating.
Maybe if we can cap the other end.
Keep the atomic action doubling back.
That could vaporize the city.
And everyone on it.
The next wave is gonna hit any minute.
- What do you got, Stark?
- Huh? Nothing great.
Maybe a way to blow up the city.
That'll keep it from impacting the surface,
if you guys can get clear.
I asked for a solution,
not an escape plan.
Impact radius is getting
bigger every second.
We're gonna have to make a choice.
Cap, these people are going nowhere.
- If Stark finds a way to blow this rock...
- Not till everyone's safe.
Everyone up here versus everyone
down there? There's no math there.
I'm not leaving this rock
with one civilian on it.
I didn't say we should leave.
There's worse ways to go.
Where else am I gonna
get a view like this?
Glad you like the view, Romanoff.
It's about to get better.
Nice, right?
Pulled her out of mothballs
with a couple of old friends.
She's dusty, but she'll do.
Fury, you son of a bitch.
Ooh! You kiss your mother
with that mouth?
Altitude is 18,000 and climbing.
Lifeboats secure to deploy.
Disengage in three, two...
Take them out.
This is S.H.I.E.L.D.?
This is what S.H.I.E.L.D.
is supposed to be.
This is not so bad.
Let's load them up.
Sir, we have multiple bogies
converging on our starboard flank.
Show 'em what we got.
You're up.
Yes!
Now this is gonna be a good story.
Yup. If you live to tell it.
You think I can't hold my own?
We get through this, I'll hold your own.
You had to make it weird.
I got about 50 to 100 more
coming in after this group.
Here we go. Here we go. Let's move.
Let's go, everyone!
Number six boat is topped and locked...
Or stocked... Topped...
It's full of people.
Incoming!
Oh, God!
You think you're saving anyone?
I turn that key and drop
this rock a little early
and it's still billions dead.
Even you can't stop that.
I am Thor, son of Odin,
and as long as there
is life in my breast...
I am running out of things to say!
Are you ready?
It's terribly well-balanced.
Well, if there's too much weight,
you lose power on the swing, so...
I got it. Create a heat seal.
I could...
I could supercharge the spire from below.
Running numbers.
A heat seal could work with enough power.
- Thor, I got a plan.
- We're out of time.
They're coming for the core.
Rhodey, get the rest of the people
on board that carrier.
- On it.
- Avengers, time to work for a living.
- Are you good?
- Yeah.
Romanoff.
You and Banner better not be
playing "hide the zucchini."
Relax, shellhead.
Not all of us can fly.
- What's the drill?
- This is the drill.
If Ultron gets a hand
on the core, we lose.
Is that the best you can do?
You had to ask.
This is the best I can do.
This is exactly what I wanted.
All of you
against all of me.
How can you possibly hope to stop me?
Well, like the old man said...
Together.
You know, with the benefit of hindsight...
They'll try to leave the city.
We can't let them, not even one. Rhodey.
I'm on it.
Oh, no. I didn't say you could leave.
War Machine coming at you! Right...
Okay, what?
We gotta move out.
Even I can tell the air is getting thin.
You guys get to the boats.
I'll sweep for stragglers.
Be right behind you.
- What about the core?
- I'll protect it.
It's my job.
Nat.
This way.
Get the people on the boats.
I'm not going to leave you here.
I can handle this.
Come back for me when
everyone else is off.
Not before.
You understand?
You know, I'm 12 minutes older than you.
Go.
Boss, power levels are way below...
Reroute everything.
We get one shot at this.
I know what I need to do.
The dining room.
If I knock out that east wall,
it'd make a nice workspace
for Laura, huh?
Put up some baffling.
She can't hear the kids running around.
What do you think?
You guys always eat
in the kitchen anyway.
No one eats in a dining room.
We don't have a lot of time.
So get your ass on a boat.
Hey, big guy.
Sun's getting real low.
You're safe now.
You're gonna be okay. Buckle up.
Secure your gear, find a seat.
Costel!
We were in the market.
Thor, I'm gonna need you
back in the church.
- Is this the last of them?
- Yeah.
- Everyone else is on the carrier.
- You know, this works,
we maybe don't walk away.
Maybe not.
I got no strings, so I have fun
I'm not tied up to anyone
Come on. Time to go.
You didn't see that coming?
Oh, for God's sake.
- Zrinka!
- Costel! Baby!
No, no, I'm fine.
Fine.
It's been a long day.
Wanda.
If you stay here, you'll die.
I just did.
Do you know how it felt?
It felt like that.
Thor, on my mark.
Now!
Hey, big guy. We did it.
The job is finished.
Now I need you to turn
this bird around, okay?
We can't track you in stealth mode.
So help me out. I need you...
You're afraid.
Of you?
Of death.
You're the last one.
You were supposed to be the last.
Stark asked for a savior
and settled for a slave.
I suppose we are both disappointments.
I suppose we are.
Humans are odd.
They think order and chaos
are somehow opposites
and try to control what won't be.
But there is grace in their failings.
I think you missed that.
They're doomed.
Yes.
But a thing isn't beautiful
because it lasts.
It's a privilege to be among them.
You're unbearably naive.
Well...
I was born yesterday.
Look! Say hi to Auntie Nat!
Fat.
One of our tech boys flagged this.
Splashed down in the Banda Sea.
Could be the Quinjet.
But with Stark's stealth tech,
we still can't track the damn thing.
Right.
Probably jumped out and swam to Fiji.
He'll send a postcard.
"Wish you were here."
You sent me to recruit him way back when.
Did you know then what was gonna happen?
You never know.
You hope for the best,
then make do with what you get.
I got a great team.
Nothing lasts forever.
Trouble, Ms. Romanoff.
No matter who wins or loses,
trouble still comes around.
The rules have changed.
We're dealing with something new.
Oh, the Vision is artificial intelligence.
- A machine.
- So, it doesn't count?
No, it's not like a person
lifting the hammer.
Right, different rules for us.
- Nice guy. Artificial.
- Thank you.
He can wield the hammer,
he can keep the Mind Stone.
It's safe with the Vision.
And these days, safe is in short supply.
But if you put the hammer
in an elevator...
- It would still go up.
- Elevator's not worthy.
I'm gonna miss these little talks of ours.
Not if you don't leave.
I have no choice.
The Mind Stone is the fourth
of the Infinity Stones
to show up in the last few years.
It's not a coincidence.
Someone has been playing
an intricate game
and has made pawns of us.
And once all these pieces
are in position...
Triple Yahtzee.
You think you can find out what's coming?
I do.
Besides this one,
there's nothing that can't be explained.
That man has no regard
for lawn maintenance.
I'm gonna miss him, though.
And you're gonna miss me.
There's gonna be a lot of manful tears.
I will miss you, Tony.
Yeah?
Well, it's time for me to tap out.
Maybe I should take a page
out of Barton's book.
Build Pepper a farm,
hope nobody blows it up.
The simple life.
- You'll get there one day.
- I don't know.
Family, stability...
The guy who wanted all that
went in the ice 75 years ago.
I think someone else came out.
You all right?
I'm home.
You wanna keep staring at the wall,
or do you wanna go to work?
I mean, it's a pretty interesting wall.
I thought you and Tony were still
gazing into each other's eyes.
How do we look?
Well, we're not the '27 Yankees.
We got some hitters.
They're good. They're not a team.
Let's beat them into shape.
Avengers...
I present to you,
Taneleer Tivan, the Collector.
Asgardians, it's an honor.
You know why we're here.
Of course.
But, if I may ask,
why not keep it secure
in your own vault?
The Tesseract is already on Asgard.
It is not wise to keep two
Infinity Stones so close together.
That's very wise.
I can assure you,
it will be absolutely safe here,
in my collection.
See that it is.
One down.
Five to go.